src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaNode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaNode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaNode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaNode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:10:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:14:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:36:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:37:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:37:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:55:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:56:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:56:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:78:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:78:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:92:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:92:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:93:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:99:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:100:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:100:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:104:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:104:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:105:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:105:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:113:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScoreRatio()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:113:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScoreRatio()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:119:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:119:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:119:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:127:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:127:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:127:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:130:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:130:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:138:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:140:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:140:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:141:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'165').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'165').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'169').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '144'-'169').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:145:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:145:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '147'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '147'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:149:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:151:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '151'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:151:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '151'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:152:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '152'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:152:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '152'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:158:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:158:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:161:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '161'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:161:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '161'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:162:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '164'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '164'-'183').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:165:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '165'-'165').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:165:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '165'-'165').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '186'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '186'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '187'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '187'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:189:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '191'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '191'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '192'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:192:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '192'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bestHead' (lines '196'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:196:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bestHead' (lines '196'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bestHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bestHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:198:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '198'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:198:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '198'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:198:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:198:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:200:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:202:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:202:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:203:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '203'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:203:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '203'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:204:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '204'-'204').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:204:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '204'-'204').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:212:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:212:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:217:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:217:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:221:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildCount()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:221:	MissingOverride: The method 'getChildCount()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:222:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaNode.java:222:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:8:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSearch' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:8:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSearch' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:8:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSearch' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:8:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSearch' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:15:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'starttime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'starttime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:25:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:38:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:38:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:40:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:40:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:57:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:57:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbSnake' (lines '60'-'99').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbSnake' (lines '60'-'99').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alphaMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alphaMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moves' (lines '64'-'99').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:64:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moves' (lines '64'-'99').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:64:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:65:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:65:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '75'-'79').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:75:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '75'-'79').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:78:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:78:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '79'-'79').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:79:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '79'-'79').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:82:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:82:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lostMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:82:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lostMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi(SnakeInfo, FoodInfo, ArrayList)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi(SnakeInfo, FoodInfo, ArrayList)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'all' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'all' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:103:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:104:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:104:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '109'-'110').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:109:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '109'-'110').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:109:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:109:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '110'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:110:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '110'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:136:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:136:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:151:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:159:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:159:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:159:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:160:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:162:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:162:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:165:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:165:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:165:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:166:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like oh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:166:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like oh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:170:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:170:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ol' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:171:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ol' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:171:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ol
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:171:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ol
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:194:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:195:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:195:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:195:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:195:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:196:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:196:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:196:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:197:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:197:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:199:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:199:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:201:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:208:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:208:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:213:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:213:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/AlphaSearch.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 93 (highest 41).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 93 (highest 41).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaNode' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 39).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	ImmutableField: Private field 'child' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	ImmutableField: Private field 'child' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:11:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:15:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'possibleMove'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:15:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'possibleMove'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:17:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:17:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:33:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:33:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:55:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:55:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:56:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:56:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:66:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:69:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:76:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	NPathComplexity: The method 'setScore()' has an NPath complexity of 1008, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	NPathComplexity: The method 'setScore()' has an NPath complexity of 1008, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:86:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'setScore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 13.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:110:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:110:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:111:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:111:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbAlive' (lines '111'-'114').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbAlive' (lines '111'-'114').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:112:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbAlive' (lines '114'-'114').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:114:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'nbAlive' (lines '114'-'114').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:117:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:117:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:123:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:123:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakex' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakey' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'foods' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'foods' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:133:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:133:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 41.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 41.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	NPathComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has an NPath complexity of 19800, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	NPathComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has an NPath complexity of 19800, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	NcssCount: The method 'updateScore()' has a NCSS line count of 81.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	NcssCount: The method 'updateScore()' has a NCSS line count of 81.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:144:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 39.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:146:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:146:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:153:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:153:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:158:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:166:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:166:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:167:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:169:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'currentHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:172:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:172:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:172:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:186:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:186:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:186:	UseShortArrayInitializer: Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:186:	UseShortArrayInitializer: Array initialization can be written shorter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:187:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:187:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:201:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ind' (lines '201'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:201:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ind' (lines '201'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:206:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:207:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:207:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:209:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:209:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:209:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:211:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ration' (lines '211'-'273').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:211:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'ration' (lines '211'-'273').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:212:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ind' (lines '212'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:212:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ind' (lines '212'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:230:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:230:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:231:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:237:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:237:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:245:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:245:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:246:	UnnecessaryCast: Avoid unnecessary casts
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:252:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:252:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:253:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:253:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:258:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:258:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:259:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:259:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:264:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:264:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:270:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScoreRatio()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:270:	MissingOverride: The method 'getScoreRatio()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:276:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:276:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:276:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:276:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:284:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:284:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:284:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:287:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:287:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild(boolean)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'shortest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:295:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:298:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:298:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:299:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'315').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'315').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'327').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'327').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'331').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:302:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '307'-'331').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:303:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:303:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:305:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '310'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:305:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '310'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '314'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '314'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:310:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '315'-'315').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:310:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '315'-'315').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:315:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:315:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:318:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '323'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:318:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '323'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:319:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:321:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '326'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:321:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'countChild' (lines '326'-'342').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:322:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '327'-'327').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:322:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '327'-'327').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:333:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:333:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '345'-'351').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:340:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '345'-'351').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '346'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:341:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '346'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:343:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:345:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '350'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:345:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '350'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:346:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '351'-'351').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:346:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '351'-'351').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:350:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bestHead' (lines '355'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:350:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'bestHead' (lines '355'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bestHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:350:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bestHead' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:352:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '357'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:352:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '357'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:352:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:352:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:354:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:354:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:356:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:356:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:357:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '362'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:357:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'minR' (lines '362'-'369').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:358:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '363'-'363').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:358:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '363'-'363').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:366:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:366:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:370:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:370:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:370:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaNode.java:370:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSearch' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:9:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSearch' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSearch' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:9:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSearch' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:14:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:17:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:17:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:25:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:25:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:26:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:26:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'r' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'starttime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'starttime' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 't' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'w' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like w
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:37:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:37:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:38:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:38:	AssignmentToNonFinalStatic: Possible unsafe assignment to a non-final static field in a constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:41:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:41:	MissingOverride: The method 'run()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:43:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:43:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:44:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:58:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'bm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:58:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:58:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'current' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbSnake' (lines '70'-'109').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:70:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nbSnake' (lines '70'-'109').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alphaMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:71:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'alphaMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moves' (lines '74'-'109').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:74:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'moves' (lines '74'-'109').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:74:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:74:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:75:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:75:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '82'-'87').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:82:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '82'-'87').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '87'-'87').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'stillAlive' (lines '87'-'87').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:90:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:90:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lostMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:90:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lostMove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi(SnakeInfo, FoodInfo, ArrayList, HazardInfo)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi(SnakeInfo, FoodInfo, ArrayList, HazardInfo)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'all' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'all' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'h' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like h
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:115:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'multi' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:116:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:116:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:116:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '122'-'123').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:122:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '122'-'123').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '123'-'124').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:123:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '123'-'124').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:131:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:131:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:140:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:149:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:161:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:169:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:169:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:169:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moves' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:170:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:172:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:172:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:175:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:175:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:175:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like mh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:176:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'oh' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:176:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like oh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:176:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like oh
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:179:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:179:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ol' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ol' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:180:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ol
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:180:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ol
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'list' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:201:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:202:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:202:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:202:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:202:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:203:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ret' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:203:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:203:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:204:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:204:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:206:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:206:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:208:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:215:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:215:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:218:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:219:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'si' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:220:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'si' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/BetaSearch.java:234:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	DataClass: The class 'Node' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=14.286%, NOPA=1, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	DataClass: The class 'Node' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=14.286%, NOPA=1, NOAM=6, WMC=8)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Node
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:9:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Node
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:10:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:10:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:13:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:13:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like cc
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:19:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:22:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:22:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:23:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:23:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:28:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:28:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hazard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/alpha/Node.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hazard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:10:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:10:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:15:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'food' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:15:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'food' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:19:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:19:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'f' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'f' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:30:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:47:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:47:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:54:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:55:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:56:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:56:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:57:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:58:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:58:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:59:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:60:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:62:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:62:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:62:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:63:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/FoodInfo.java:63:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:8:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:8:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:8:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:8:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'f' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'f' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'f' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:12:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:17:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "hazards" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 17
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:17:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "hazards" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 17
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:17:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:17:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:18:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:32:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:44:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'hazard' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/HazardInfo.java:44:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'hazard' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Node' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Node' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Node
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Node
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Node' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:5:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Node' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 14).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'child' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'child' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:9:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'sn' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'sn' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'sn' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'sn' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nbplayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nbplayer' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:28:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:58:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snakes' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:58:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snakes' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'snakes' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'snakes' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakes' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:61:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:73:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:73:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'updateScore()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:76:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:76:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:78:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:78:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '91'-'93').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '91'-'93').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '91'-'112').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '91'-'112').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '93'-'93').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '93'-'93').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '93'-'112').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:93:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'scoreType' (lines '93'-'112').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:95:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:95:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:97:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:97:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:104:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:104:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:120:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:120:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild()' has a cyclomatic complexity of 16.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:126:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'getBestChild' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:128:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:128:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:129:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '133'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:134:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:134:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '135'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:135:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '135'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '140'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '140'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '140'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:140:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '140'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '144'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:144:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maxR' (lines '144'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '145'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '145'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '145'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '145'-'145').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:149:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:149:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:152:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:154:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:154:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:156:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:156:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '182'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '182'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '182'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:182:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '182'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '187'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '187'-'182').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '187'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:187:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'bestChild' (lines '187'-'187').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:191:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:191:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:194:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:194:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:197:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:197:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:202:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:202:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:208:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:212:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:212:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:217:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:217:	UseCollectionIsEmpty: Substitute calls to size() == 0 (or size() != 0, size() > 0, size() < 1) with calls to isEmpty()
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:218:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:220:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:220:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:221:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/Node.java:221:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'PnGame' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:5:	ClassNamingConventions: The utility class name 'PnGame' doesn't match '[A-Z][a-zA-Z0-9]+(Utils?|Helper|Constants)'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:8:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:8:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'moveRequest'.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/PnGame.java:10:	UnusedFormalParameter: Avoid unused constructor parameters such as 'moveRequest'.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SnakeInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:7:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SnakeInfo' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SnakeInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:7:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'SnakeInfo' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:10:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:10:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'eat'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:11:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'eat'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:14:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'move' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'move' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:18:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:35:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:35:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:36:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:36:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:42:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:42:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:49:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:49:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:55:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'die' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:55:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'die' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'move' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'eat' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hazard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'hazard' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'move' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'move' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'sn' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:61:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like sn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:77:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:77:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:78:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:78:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'old' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:84:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:84:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:91:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:91:	AvoidArrayLoops: System.arraycopy is more efficient
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:101:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'die' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:101:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'die' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:108:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:108:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:118:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:118:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:119:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:119:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:132:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:132:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:137:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:137:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:138:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:138:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:138:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:148:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:148:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:153:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:153:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'snake' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:160:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'name' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:164:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:164:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:168:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:168:	AvoidUsingShortType: Do not use the short type
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'health' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:168:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'health' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:169:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:169:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:178:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:178:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:181:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:181:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:187:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName: The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:187:	CloneMethodReturnTypeMustMatchClassName: The return type of the clone() method must be the class name when implements Cloneable
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:187:	MissingOverride: The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:187:	MissingOverride: The method 'clone()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:197:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:197:	AvoidFinalLocalVariable: Avoid using final local variables, turn them into fields
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'obj' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	NPathComplexity: The method 'equals(Object)' has an NPath complexity of 512, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:208:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'equals' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:209:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:210:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:210:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:210:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:211:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:212:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:212:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:213:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:214:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:214:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:215:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'other' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:216:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:216:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:217:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:217:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:217:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:217:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:218:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:218:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:219:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:219:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:220:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:220:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:221:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:221:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:221:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:221:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:223:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:224:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:224:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:225:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:226:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:226:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:227:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:227:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:227:	SimplifyBooleanReturns: Avoid unnecessary if..then..else statements when returning booleans
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:228:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/proofnumber/SnakeInfo.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:18:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:18:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:23:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:24:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'multiThread'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:24:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'multiThread'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nodeTotalCount'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:28:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'nodeTotalCount'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timeTotal'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'timeTotal'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bw
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:31:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bw
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:32:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:32:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:32:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:32:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:39:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:39:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lose' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:51:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lose' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'win' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'win' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:60:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:70:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:70:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:75:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:75:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:77:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:77:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:80:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:80:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:80:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:80:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:89:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:90:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'JsonProcessingException' branch
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:90:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'JsonProcessingException' branch
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:92:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:92:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:95:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/ABSnakeAI.java:95:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=71, ATFD=92, TCC=11.111%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=71, ATFD=92, TCC=11.111%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:24:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'AlphaSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 26).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:26:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:29:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'multiThread'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:30:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'multiThread'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:37:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:37:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:42:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:42:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:44:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lose' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lose' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'win' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:55:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'win' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'r' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:56:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:56:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like r
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:63:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:63:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 240570, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 240570, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 102.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 102.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NcssMethodCount: The method move() has an NCSS line count of 102
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	NcssMethodCount: The method move() has an NCSS line count of 102
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:69:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 26.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:74:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:74:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:75:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:75:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:76:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:76:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:78:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 78
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:78:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 78
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakex' (lines '86'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:86:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakex' (lines '86'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakey' (lines '87'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:87:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakey' (lines '87'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'food' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:89:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'food' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'snakes' (lines '91'-'95').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:91:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'snakes' (lines '91'-'95').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:94:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:94:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:97:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 97
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '100'-'100').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '100'-'100').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '100'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '100'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	ForLoopVariableCount: Too many control variables in the for statement
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:100:	ForLoopVariableCount: Too many control variables in the for statement
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:101:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:103:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'j'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:103:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'j'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:112:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '112'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:112:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'root' (lines '112'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:115:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:117:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:117:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:119:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:119:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:133:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:133:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:146:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:148:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:148:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:152:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:153:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:164:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:164:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:167:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:176:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:176:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'main' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'main' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '184'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '184'-'206').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '184'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '184'-'237').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'move' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:184:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'move' is never used (overwritten on line 206)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'208').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'208').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'212').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'214').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'214').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'228').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:185:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '185'-'228').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:187:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:187:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:194:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:194:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:201:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:201:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:218:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:218:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:219:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:219:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:219:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:219:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:221:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:221:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:221:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:221:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:233:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:233:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:235:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:235:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'winner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:242:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'winner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '243'-'247').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:243:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '243'-'247').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:244:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '244'-'255').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:244:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '244'-'255').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:244:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:244:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:245:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:247:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '247'-'247').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:247:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '247'-'247').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:248:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '248'-'255').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:248:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '248'-'255').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:257:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '258'-'262').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:258:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '258'-'262').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '259'-'268').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:259:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '259'-'268').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:259:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:259:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:260:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:262:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '262'-'262').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:262:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '262'-'262').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '263'-'268').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '263'-'268').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:271:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:272:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:272:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:272:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:281:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:281:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:283:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:283:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	NPathComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has an NPath complexity of 446148, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	NPathComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has an NPath complexity of 446148, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	NcssCount: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	NcssCount: The method 'chooseBestMove(AlphaNode)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:292:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:294:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:295:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '295'-'375').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:295:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '295'-'375').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'up' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'up' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like up
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like up
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:296:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'down' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:297:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'down' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:297:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:297:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:298:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:298:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:298:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:299:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:299:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:299:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:301:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:303:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:303:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:305:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:326:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:331:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:336:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:341:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:341:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:346:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '346'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:346:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '346'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:348:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:348:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:350:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '350'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:350:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '350'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:354:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:354:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:356:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '356'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:356:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '356'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:360:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:360:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '362'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:362:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '362'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:366:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:366:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:368:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '368'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:368:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '368'-'384').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:373:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:373:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:373:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:373:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:375:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '375'-'375').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:375:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '375'-'375').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:376:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:376:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:376:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '376'-'372').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:376:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '376'-'372').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:386:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:386:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:387:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:389:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:389:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:390:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:392:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:393:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:394:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:394:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:394:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:394:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:406:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:406:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:408:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:412:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:412:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:423:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:423:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:423:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:424:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:424:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:426:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:442:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/AlphaSnake.java:442:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:10:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BasicSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:10:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BasicSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:10:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BasicSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:10:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BasicSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 2 (Highest = 11).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:12:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:12:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:13:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:13:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:14:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:14:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:18:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:18:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:18:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:22:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:27:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:27:	MissingOverride: The method 'start(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:27:	MissingOverride: The method 'start(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:29:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:29:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:29:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	MissingOverride: The method 'move(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	MissingOverride: The method 'move(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 768, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 768, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:36:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:37:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:37:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:38:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:38:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:41:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:41:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 41
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 43
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bs' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:43:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bs
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '44'-'47').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '44'-'47').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '44'-'52').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:44:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '44'-'52').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '47'-'47').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '47'-'47').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '47'-'52').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '47'-'52').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '52'-'129').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'board' (lines '52'-'129').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:59:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:60:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'113').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'113').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:108:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '108'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '113'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '113'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '113'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '113'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '118'-'122').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '121'-'129').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '121'-'129').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:121:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:121:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:131:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:131:	MissingOverride: The method 'end(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:131:	MissingOverride: The method 'end(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:132:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:132:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:132:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:136:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:136:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:136:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:136:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:142:	MissingOverride: The method 'getId()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BasicSnake.java:142:	MissingOverride: The method 'getId()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 126 (highest 33).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	CyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a total cyclomatic complexity of 126 (highest 33).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=126, ATFD=122, TCC=7.576%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=126, ATFD=122, TCC=7.576%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:27:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'BetaSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 8 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:32:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:32:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'solo'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:32:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'solo'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:33:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:33:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:33:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'board' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:34:	ImmutableField: Private field 'board' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:43:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:43:	ImmutableField: Private field 'path' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:43:	ImmutableField: Private field 'path' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:51:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:52:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startL'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:52:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startL'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:53:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'flag'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:53:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'flag'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:56:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:56:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:56:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:60:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:63:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:63:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:64:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:64:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:64:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:64:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:66:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:80:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 72468, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 72468, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 85.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 85.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:88:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 23.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:93:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:93:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:94:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'JsonProcessingException' branch
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:94:	IdenticalCatchBranches: 'catch' branch identical to 'JsonProcessingException' branch
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:96:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:96:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:100:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'st' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like st
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:106:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:106:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:107:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:107:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:109:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 109
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:109:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 109
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:110:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 110
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:110:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 110
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:111:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 111
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:111:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 111
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 117
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 12 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 117
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 117
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 117
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakex' (lines '117'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakex' (lines '117'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakey' (lines '118'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'snakey' (lines '118'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:118:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'root' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'lt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like lt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:130:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:132:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:136:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:137:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:148:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:148:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:151:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:160:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:160:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'main' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:164:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'main' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '168'-'188').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '168'-'188').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '168'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'move' (lines '168'-'224').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'move' is never used (overwritten on line 188)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:168:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'move' is never used (overwritten on line 188)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'190').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'190').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'192').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'194').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'194').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'196').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'196').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:169:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '169'-'210').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:171:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:171:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:178:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:178:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:180:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:180:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:200:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:200:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:201:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:201:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:201:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:201:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:203:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:203:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:203:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:203:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:212:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "move" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 212
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:212:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "move" appears 14 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 212
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:218:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:218:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:220:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:222:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:222:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	NPathComplexity: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 960018, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	NPathComplexity: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 960018, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	NcssCount: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 77.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	NcssCount: The method 'solomove(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 77.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:226:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'solomove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:228:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:230:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:230:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:230:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:231:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:232:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:237:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:237:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:244:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:247:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:247:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '257'-'263').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:257:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '257'-'263').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '263'-'263').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '263'-'263').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '263'-'270').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:263:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '263'-'270').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:269:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:270:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '270'-'270').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:270:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '270'-'270').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:270:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '270'-'275').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:270:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '270'-'275').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tailx' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:273:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tailx' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taily' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:274:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taily' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:279:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '279'-'283').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:279:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '279'-'283').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'285').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'285').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'293').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'293').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:280:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '280'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:284:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:284:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'293').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'293').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:285:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '285'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:292:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:292:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'301').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:293:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '293'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:300:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:300:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '301'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '301'-'309').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '301'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:301:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '301'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:308:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:308:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '309'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:309:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '309'-'329').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:314:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:314:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:316:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:316:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:331:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'pathMove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:331:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'pathMove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:331:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:332:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:332:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:332:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:333:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:334:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:335:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:335:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:335:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:337:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:337:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:337:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:337:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:339:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:339:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:364:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRoot' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:364:	LinguisticNaming: Linguistics Antipattern - The setter 'setRoot' should not return any type except void linguistically
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:364:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'food' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:365:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'food' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:366:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 366
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:366:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 366
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hazard' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:367:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'hazard' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:369:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'snakes' (lines '369'-'373').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:369:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'snakes' (lines '369'-'373').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:372:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'me' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:372:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:372:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like me
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:375:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 375
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:375:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 375
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'378').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'378').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'381').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'381').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'403').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '378'-'403').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	ForLoopVariableCount: Too many control variables in the for statement
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:378:	ForLoopVariableCount: Too many control variables in the for statement
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:379:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:379:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 's' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:379:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:379:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:381:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'j'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:381:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'j'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:381:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '381'-'378').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:381:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'j' (lines '381'-'378').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:391:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:393:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:393:	CollapsibleIfStatements: These nested if statements could be combined
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:394:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:394:	NullAssignment: Assigning an Object to null is a code smell.  Consider refactoring.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:395:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:395:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:407:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:407:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:410:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:410:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'f1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:410:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:410:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like f1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:416:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:416:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:420:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:420:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:422:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:422:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:427:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:427:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:432:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:432:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:432:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:441:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:441:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:443:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:443:	EmptyStatementNotInLoop: An empty statement (semicolon) not part of a loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'countSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:444:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'countSnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:445:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:445:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'winner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:456:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'winner' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:457:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '457'-'461').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:457:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '457'-'461').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:458:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '458'-'469').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:458:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '458'-'469').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:458:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:458:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:459:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '461'-'461').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:461:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '461'-'461').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:462:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '462'-'469').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:462:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '462'-'469').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:471:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:473:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '473'-'477').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:473:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '473'-'477').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:474:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '474'-'483').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:474:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '474'-'483').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:474:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:474:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nb
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:475:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:477:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '477'-'477').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:477:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'ret' (lines '477'-'477').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:478:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '478'-'483').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:478:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'nb' (lines '478'-'483').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 25.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'root' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	NPathComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has an NPath complexity of 446148, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	NPathComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has an NPath complexity of 446148, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	NcssCount: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	NcssCount: The method 'chooseBestMove(BetaNode)' has a NCSS line count of 61.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:485:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'chooseBestMove' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 24.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:487:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:487:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'child' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:488:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '488'-'568').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:488:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '488'-'568').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'up' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'up' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like up
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like up
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:489:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:490:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'down' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:490:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'down' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:490:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:490:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:491:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'left' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:491:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:491:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:492:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:492:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'right' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:492:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:492:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:494:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'head' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:496:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:496:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:498:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:498:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'move' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:519:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:524:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:524:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:529:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:534:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'v' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:539:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '539'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:539:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '539'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:541:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:541:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:543:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '543'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:543:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '543'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:547:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:547:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:549:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '549'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:549:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '549'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:553:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:553:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:555:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '555'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:555:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '555'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:559:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:559:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:561:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '561'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:561:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'choiceValue' (lines '561'-'577').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:566:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:566:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:566:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:566:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:568:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '568'-'568').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:568:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'winner' (lines '568'-'568').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:569:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:569:	AvoidReassigningLoopVariables: Avoid reassigning the loop control variable 'i'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:569:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '569'-'565').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:569:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '569'-'565').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:579:	MissingOverride: The method 'setFileConfig()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:579:	MissingOverride: The method 'setFileConfig()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:584:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:584:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:584:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:584:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:585:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:585:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:587:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:603:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:603:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:615:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:615:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:616:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:618:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:618:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:619:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:619:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:621:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:622:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:622:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:623:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:623:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:623:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:623:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:637:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:637:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:640:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:640:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:645:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:645:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:651:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/BetaSnake.java:651:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=16, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	GodClass: Possible God Class (WMC=52, ATFD=16, TCC=0.000%)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Challenger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Challenger' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Challenger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:14:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Challenger' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 6 (Highest = 29).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:15:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:15:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 9999999 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'board' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:16:	ImmutableField: Private field 'board' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'path' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:25:	ImmutableField: Private field 'path' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:34:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startL'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'startL'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:35:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:36:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'flag'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:36:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'flag'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:41:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:45:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:47:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:47:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'setFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:48:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:48:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:48:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:48:	ConstructorCallsOverridableMethod: Overridable method 'getFileConfig' called during object construction
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:50:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:64:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:64:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 33.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 960018, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 960018, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 75.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 75.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:74:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 29.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:77:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:79:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:79:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 10 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:86:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:86:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:88:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "move" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:88:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "move" appears 13 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 88
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:93:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:96:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '105'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:105:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '105'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '111'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '111'-'111').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '111'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:111:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '111'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:117:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'c' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '118'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '118'-'118').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '118'-'123').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:118:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'space' (lines '118'-'123').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tailx' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:121:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'tailx' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taily' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'taily' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '127'-'131').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '127'-'131').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'133').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'133').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'141').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'141').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:128:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '128'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:132:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:132:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'141').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'141').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:133:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '133'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:140:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:141:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '141'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:148:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '149'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '149'-'157').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '149'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:149:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '149'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:156:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:156:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '157'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:157:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'maybe' (lines '157'-'175').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:162:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:162:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:164:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:164:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:177:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'pathMove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:177:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'pathMove(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:177:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:178:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:178:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:178:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:179:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:180:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:181:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'id' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:181:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like id
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:183:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:183:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:183:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:185:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:185:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:210:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:211:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:211:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:211:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:215:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:215:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Challenger.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FloodFillSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:16:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FloodFillSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FloodFillSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:16:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'FloodFillSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 5 (Highest = 18).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:21:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:21:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field space has the same name as a method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingMethodName: Field space has the same name as a method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:22:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:24:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:24:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:25:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:25:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:27:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:27:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:27:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:28:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:28:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:28:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:29:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:29:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:29:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:30:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:30:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:30:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:31:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:31:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'apiversion'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:37:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:40:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:40:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:42:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:56:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:56:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:63:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:64:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:64:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:69:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:69:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:69:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:69:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 14.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	ExcessiveMethodLength: Avoid really long methods.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 110592, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 110592, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 65.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	NcssCount: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a NCSS line count of 65.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:80:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 18.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:82:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:82:	EmptyIfStmt: Avoid empty if statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:86:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:86:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:87:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:87:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:87:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:89:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 89
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:90:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 90
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:91:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 91
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:101:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:102:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 102
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:102:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 102
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mysnakelength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:102:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mysnakelength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbsnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nbsnake' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enemylength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enemylength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:130:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:131:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'health' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:135:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'health' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'150').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'150').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:147:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '147'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:150:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '150'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'166').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:158:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '158'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '166'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '166'-'174').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '166'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:166:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '166'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:174:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '174'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:174:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '174'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'186').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'186').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'191').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'191').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:181:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '181'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '186'-'191').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '186'-'191').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '186'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:186:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '186'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '191'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:191:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '191'-'195').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '194'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:194:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '194'-'209').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:194:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:194:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:197:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:197:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:198:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:198:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:198:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:198:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:200:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:200:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:200:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:200:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:212:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:213:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:213:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:213:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:225:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:227:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:227:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:246:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:248:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:248:	UselessParentheses: Useless parentheses.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'value' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'y' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:267:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like y
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '289'-'294').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:289:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '289'-'294').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:289:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:289:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:293:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:293:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:294:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '294'-'294').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:294:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'c' (lines '294'-'294').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:302:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'JSON_MAPPER' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'JSON_MAPPER' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	VariableNamingConventions: Only variables that are final should contain underscores (except for underscores in standard prefix/suffix), 'JSON_MAPPER' is not final.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:303:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'JSON_MAPPER' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:304:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'test' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:306:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:307:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'size' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:308:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:308:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:308:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:316:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:316:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:321:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:321:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:321:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:322:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:322:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:324:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:340:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/FloodFillSnake.java:340:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:15:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'NNSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:15:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'NNSnake' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 12).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:15:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'NNSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:15:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'NNSnake' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 15).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:16:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:18:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:21:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:23:	ImmutableField: Private field 'hist' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:23:	ImmutableField: Private field 'hist' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:26:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:26:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:35:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:35:	MissingOverride: The method 'end(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:35:	MissingOverride: The method 'end(JsonNode)' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:37:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:37:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:37:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "board" appears 8 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:40:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "name" appears 7 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 40
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:42:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "you" appears 6 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 42
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:47:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:47:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:47:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:56:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:56:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 15.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 12.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 23328, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	NPathComplexity: The method 'move(JsonNode)' has an NPath complexity of 23328, current threshold is 200
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:62:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'move' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 15.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:64:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:64:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:65:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'possiblemove' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:65:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:67:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "down" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 67
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:68:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "left" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 68
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:69:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 69
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:69:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "right" appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 69
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:79:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'name' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:80:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "body" appears 11 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 80
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mysnakelength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'mysnakelength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:81:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enemylength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:83:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'enemylength' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:106:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakex' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:107:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'snakey' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '117'-'121').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:117:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '117'-'121').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:118:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:118:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '121'-'127').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:121:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '121'-'127').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '127'-'134').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '127'-'134').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '134'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:134:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'result' (lines '134'-'140').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:147:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bm' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:147:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:147:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bm
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'150').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'150').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'151').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'151').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'152').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'153').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'm' (lines '148'-'153').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:148:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:149:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:149:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'possiblemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:162:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'possiblemove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'167').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'167').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'172').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'172').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:164:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '164'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'172').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:167:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '167'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '172'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '172'-'176').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '172'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:172:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '172'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '176'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:176:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '176'-'181').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:180:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '180'-'188').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:180:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'value' (lines '180'-'188').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:180:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:180:	UnusedAssignment: The value assigned to variable 'value' is never used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:183:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:183:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:184:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:184:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:185:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:185:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:186:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:186:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:191:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:192:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:192:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:192:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:208:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'215').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'215').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:210:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '210'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:211:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '211'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:211:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '211'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:211:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:211:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'215').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'215').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:215:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '215'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '216'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:216:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '216'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:222:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '222'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:222:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '222'-'222').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:222:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '222'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:222:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '222'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:223:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '223'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:223:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '223'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:229:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '229'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:229:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '229'-'229').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '230'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:230:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '230'-'234').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:235:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:241:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/NNSnake.java:241:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:18:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like RL
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:18:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like RL
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:19:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:19:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:19:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:20:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:20:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:20:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:22:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:22:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:22:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:23:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:23:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:23:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:25:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:25:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:25:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:26:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:26:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:30:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:37:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:38:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:38:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:38:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:42:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:42:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:42:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:42:	AvoidCatchingNPE: Avoid catching NullPointerException; consider removing the cause of the NPE.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:49:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:49:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:55:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:61:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:62:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:74:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'contentBuilder' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:83:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:83:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'fileContent' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:88:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'filePath' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:92:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'writer' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:96:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:97:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'l' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:102:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/RL.java:102:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:24:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:24:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:26:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:26:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:30:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:30:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:33:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'color'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:33:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'color'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'headType'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:34:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'headType'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:35:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tailType'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:35:	RedundantFieldInitializer: Avoid using redundant field initializer for 'tailType'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:42:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:45:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:45:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:49:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:49:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:49:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:49:	EmptyCatchBlock: Avoid empty catch blocks
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:50:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:50:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:54:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:59:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:59:	ConfusingTernary: Avoid if (x != y) ..; else ..;
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:59:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:59:	NonThreadSafeSingleton: Singleton is not thread safe
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakeType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:73:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'snakeType' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:74:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:74:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:76:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'prop' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:90:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:90:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:96:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Handler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:96:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Handler' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 3 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:96:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Handler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:96:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The class 'Handler' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 4 (Highest = 10).
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:101:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:101:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process(Request, Response)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	CyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process(Request, Response)' has a cyclomatic complexity of 11.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'req' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'res' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	ModifiedCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process' has a Modified Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:110:	StdCyclomaticComplexity: The method 'process' has a Standard Cyclomatic Complexity of 10.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parsedRequest' (lines '113'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:113:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'parsedRequest' (lines '113'-'149').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:113:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'parsedRequest' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:114:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'uri' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:115:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:117:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:117:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:117:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:117:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:119:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:121:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:123:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:125:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:125:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:127:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:127:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:129:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:129:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:131:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:131:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:131:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:131:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:133:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:133:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:133:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:133:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:135:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:135:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:135:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:135:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:137:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:137:	LiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:137:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:137:	PositionLiteralsFirstInComparisons: Position literals first in String comparisons
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:143:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:143:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:144:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:145:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:145:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:146:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:146:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:152:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:152:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:155:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:155:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:159:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:165:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:165:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:166:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:166:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:169:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:169:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:170:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:170:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:178:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:178:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:179:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:180:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:180:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:181:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:181:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:182:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:182:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:183:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:184:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:184:	OnlyOneReturn: A method should have only one exit point, and that should be the last statement in the method
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:192:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:192:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:195:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'startRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:196:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:196:	SwitchStmtsShouldHaveDefault: Switch statements should have a default label
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "game" appears 18 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 197
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:197:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "game" appears 18 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 197
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:198:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:198:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:198:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:198:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:199:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:199:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:199:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:199:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:200:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:201:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:202:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:202:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:202:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:202:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:203:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:208:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:214:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:214:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:217:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'moveRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:218:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:218:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:224:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:224:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:227:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'endRequest' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:229:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:229:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:229:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:230:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:230:	AccessorMethodGeneration: Avoid autogenerated methods to access private fields and methods of inner / outer classes
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:231:	DoNotCallGarbageCollectionExplicitly: Do not explicitly trigger a garbage collection.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/Snake.java:231:	DoNotCallGarbageCollectionExplicitly: Do not explicitly trigger a garbage collection.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:8:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:8:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:9:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'LOG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	FieldNamingConventions: The field name 'LOG' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	LoggerIsNotStaticFinal: The Logger variable declaration does not contain the static and final modifiers
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	SuspiciousConstantFieldName: The field name indicates a constant but its modifiers do not
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:11:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'LOG' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:18:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:18:	FieldDeclarationsShouldBeAtStartOfClass: Fields should be declared at the top of the class, before any method declarations, constructors, initializers or inner classes.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'gi' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'l' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like gi
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like l
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:30:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:30:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:30:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/SnakeAI.java:30:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'moves' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	ImmutableField: Private field 'moves' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	LooseCoupling: Avoid using implementation types like 'ArrayList'; use the interface instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:9:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:12:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:12:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:12:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'm' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like m
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:21:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'nbMove'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:21:	AvoidReassigningParameters: Avoid reassigning parameters such as 'nbMove'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'i' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:24:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:31:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:31:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nbMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'nbMove' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:40:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:40:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:46:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heigth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'heigth' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:50:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'width' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fr' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fr' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fr
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:53:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fr
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:54:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/GameHistory.java:54:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:7:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like NN
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:7:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like NN
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	AvoidFieldNameMatchingTypeName: It is somewhat confusing to have a field name matching the declaring class name
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	DefaultPackage: Use explicit scoping instead of the default package private level
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:10:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:12:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:12:	UseDiamondOperator: Explicit type arguments can be replaced by Diamond Operator
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:16:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:16:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'net' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:31:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'net' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:34:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 's' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like s
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:38:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'inputs' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:38:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:38:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'board' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'food' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'head' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:44:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'51').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'51').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:46:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '46'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '47'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:47:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '47'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:47:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'51').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'51').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:51:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '51'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '52'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:52:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '52'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '58'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '58'-'58').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '58'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:58:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '58'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '59'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '59'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '65'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:65:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'maps' (lines '65'-'65').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '66'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NN.java:66:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'i' (lines '66'-'71').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:3:	DataClass: The class 'NNMove' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=12)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:3:	DataClass: The class 'NNMove' is suspected to be a Data Class (WOC=10.000%, NOPA=0, NOAM=8, WMC=12)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:5:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'output' is never used (overwritten on line 12)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:5:	UnusedAssignment: The field initializer for 'output' is never used (overwritten on line 12)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'i' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'i' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'o' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'o' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'c' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'i' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'o' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like c
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like i
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:9:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like o
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:17:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'input' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:17:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'input' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'input' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'input' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'input' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:20:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:25:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'output' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:25:	MethodReturnsInternalArray: Returning 'output' may expose an internal array.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'output' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	ArrayIsStoredDirectly: The user-supplied array 'output' is stored directly.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'output' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:28:	UseVarargs: Consider using varargs for methods or constructors which take an array the last parameter.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'finalValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:36:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'finalValue' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'choice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:46:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'choice' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:50:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:50:	MissingOverride: The method 'toString()' is missing an @Override annotation.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:52:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:52:	ForLoopCanBeForeach: This for loop can be replaced by a foreach loop
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:53:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:53:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:56:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:56:	UseStringBufferForStringAppends: Prefer StringBuilder (non-synchronized) or StringBuffer (synchronized) over += for concatenating strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:59:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/NNMove.java:59:	AddEmptyString: Do not add empty strings
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:8:	UseUtilityClass: All methods are static.  Consider using a utility class instead. Alternatively, you could add a private constructor or make the class abstract to silence this warning.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:10:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trainingSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:13:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'trainingSet' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:14:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'input' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zero' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:16:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'zero' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'one' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:17:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'one' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ml' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:40:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ml
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:43:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'res' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:44:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:51:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:61:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:61:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:67:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:67:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:73:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:73:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:76:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:76:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Line too long
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:79:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/neural/TestBP.java:79:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/rl/Move.java:3:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Move
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/rl/Move.java:3:	ShortClassName: Avoid short class names like Move
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/rl/Move.java:5:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/rl/Move.java:5:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:9:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:11:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:11:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:12:	ImmutableField: Private field 'snakes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:12:	ImmutableField: Private field 'snakes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:26:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:26:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:37:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:46:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:46:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:75:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:75:	CommentSize: Comment is too large: Too many lines
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ID' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:122:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ID' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '127'-'130').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '127'-'130').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stats' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:133:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stats' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'winName' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:137:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'winName' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:149:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:149:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:157:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:157:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:161:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:164:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/CompetitiveTrain.java:167:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:11:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:11:	UseConcurrentHashMap: If you run in Java5 or newer and have concurrent access, you should use the ConcurrentHashMap implementation
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:12:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:12:	ImmutableField: Private field 'snakes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:12:	ImmutableField: Private field 'snakes' could be made final; it is only initialized in the declaration or constructor.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:20:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:27:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:27:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 60000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:35:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 60000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:38:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:38:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:45:	CallSuperInConstructor: It is a good practice to call super() in a constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:45:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:45:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'ID' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	LocalVariableNamingConventions: The local variable name 'ID' doesn't match '[a-z][a-zA-Z0-9]*'
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like ID
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ID' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:52:	VariableNamingConventions: Variables should start with a lowercase character, 'ID' starts with uppercase character.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '56'-'59').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:56:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'status' (lines '56'-'59').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stats' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:63:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'stats' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:64:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'turn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'length' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:79:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:79:	AvoidCatchingGenericException: Avoid catching generic exceptions such as NullPointerException, RuntimeException, Exception in try-catch block
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:81:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:81:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:87:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "----------------" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 87
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:87:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal "----------------" appears 4 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 87
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:87:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:87:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:89:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:89:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:91:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:91:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:94:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:94:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:97:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'x' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:97:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like x
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:98:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:98:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:100:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:100:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:102:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:102:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:105:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:105:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/LengthTraining.java:108:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:15:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:17:	UncommentedEmptyConstructor: Document empty constructor
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:17:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:21:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'n' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:21:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:26:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:32:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:32:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'n' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'n' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:34:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like n
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:35:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nn' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:35:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nn
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:41:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:41:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '60'-'81').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '60'-'81').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'res' is never used (overwritten on line 81)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:60:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'res' is never used (overwritten on line 81)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:61:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'width' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heigth' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:62:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'heigth' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bp' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'bp' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bp
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:70:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like bp
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:71:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:71:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:73:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:73:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:75:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'data' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:77:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:77:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " , " appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:82:	AvoidDuplicateLiterals: The String literal " , " appears 9 times in this file; the first occurrence is on line 82
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:82:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'nt' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:84:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like nt
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	DoNotUseThreads: To be compliant to J2EE, a webapp should not use any thread.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 't1' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:86:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t1
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:90:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:90:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:96:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:96:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:103:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file2' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:104:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'file2' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this FileWriter object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'fw' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:105:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like fw
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:106:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:106:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:108:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:108:	AvoidFileStream: Avoid instantiating FileInputStream, FileOutputStream, FileReader, or FileWriter
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:112:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:112:	AvoidLiteralsInIfCondition: Avoid using Literals in Conditional Statements
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:112:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:112:	IfStmtsMustUseBraces: Avoid using if statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:113:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:119:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:119:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '127'-'164').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'in' (lines '127'-'164').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:127:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '145'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '145'-'158').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '145'-'164').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'res' (lines '145'-'164').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'res' is never used (overwritten on line 158)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:145:	UnusedAssignment: The initializer for variable 'res' is never used (overwritten on line 158)
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:148:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:148:	UseUnderscoresInNumericLiterals: Number 10000 should separate every third digit with an underscore
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:151:	AvoidPrintStackTrace: Avoid printStackTrace(); use a logger call instead.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:155:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/NeuralTraining.java:159:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:11:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:11:	AbstractClassWithoutAbstractMethod: This abstract class does not have any abstract methods
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:11:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:11:	AbstractNaming: Abstract classes should be named AbstractXXX
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:13:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:13:	UnnecessaryConstructor: Avoid unnecessary constructors - the compiler will generate these for you
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:19:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:19:	EmptyMethodInAbstractClassShouldBeAbstract: An empty method in an abstract class should be abstract instead
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:19:	UncommentedEmptyMethodBody: Document empty method body
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:22:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:24:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:25:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:36:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '39'-'42').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '39'-'42').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:39:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:40:	SystemPrintln: System.out.println is used
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:44:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:45:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:56:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '59'-'61').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:59:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '59'-'61').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:59:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:59:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '60'-'66').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '60'-'66').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:60:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '61'-'61').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '61'-'61').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:61:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'param' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'url' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:68:	SignatureDeclareThrowsException: A method/constructor should not explicitly throw java.lang.Exception
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:69:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'charset' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:70:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'connection' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	CloseResource: Ensure that resources like this BufferedReader object are closed after use
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'in' could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:80:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like in
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '83'-'85').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:83:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '83'-'85').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:83:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:83:	ShortVariable: Avoid variables with short names like t
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	AssignmentInOperand: Avoid assignments in operands
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	ControlStatementBraces: This statement should have braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '84'-'91').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DU'-anomaly for variable 'inputLine' (lines '84'-'91').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:84:	WhileLoopsMustUseBraces: Avoid using while statements without curly braces
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	AvoidInstantiatingObjectsInLoops: Avoid instantiating new objects inside loops
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	DataflowAnomalyAnalysis: Found 'DD'-anomaly for variable 't' (lines '85'-'85').
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:85:	StringInstantiation: Avoid instantiating String objects; this is usually unnecessary.
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/main/java/ai/nettogrof/battlesnake/snakes/training/Train.java:94:	MethodArgumentCouldBeFinal: Parameter 'args' is not assigned and could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:17:	AtLeastOneConstructor: Each class should declare at least one constructor
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:24:	BeanMembersShouldSerialize: Found non-transient, non-static member. Please mark as transient or provide accessors.
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:33:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:34:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:39:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'startRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:40:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:41:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'moveRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:46:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'moveRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:47:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:48:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:53:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'endRequest' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:54:	LocalVariableCouldBeFinal: Local variable 'response' could be declared final
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:55:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
src/test/java/io/battlesnake/starter/SnakeTest.java:55:	JUnitAssertionsShouldIncludeMessage: JUnit assertions should include a message
